{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 let kjvQuotes = [\
\
\
// 1 Corinthians \
\'93There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.  1 Corinthians 10:13\'94,\
\
\'93Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God. 1 Corinthians 10:31\'94,\
\
\
// 1 John\
\'93If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.  1 John 1:9\'94,\
\
\'93And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.  1 John 3:22\'94,\
\
\
// 1 Peter\
\'93Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walkers about, seeking whom he may devour.  1 Peter 5:8\'94,\
\
\
// 2 Corinthians\
\'93And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for  my strength is made perfect in weakness.  Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.  2 Corinthians 12:9\'94,\
\
\
// 2 Timothy\
\'93For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.  2 Timothy 1:12\'94,\
\
\'93Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.  2 Timothy 2:15\'94,\
\
\'93All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness.  2 Timothy 3:16\'94,\
\
\'93That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.  2 Timothy 3:17\'94,\
\
\
// Ephesians\
\'93And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.  Ephesians 5:2\'94,\
\
\'93For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God.  Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Ephesians 2:8-9\'94,\
\
\
// Galatians\
\'93But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith.  Galatians 5:22\'94,\
\
\
// Genesis\
\'93In the beginning God created the heave and the earth.  Genesis 1:1\'94,\
\
\
// Isaiah\
\'93Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee.  Isaiah 26:3\'94,\
\
\'93But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.  Isaiah 40:31\'94,\
\
\'93Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.  Isaiah 41:10\'94,\
\
\
// James\
\'93But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.  James 1:22\'94,\
\
\'93Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doth it not, to him it is sin.  James 4:17\'94,\
\
\
// Jeremiah\
\'93For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.  Jeremiah 29:11\'94,\
\
\
// John\
\'93For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  John 3:16\'94,\
\
\'93A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.  John 13:34\'94,\
\
\'93Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.  John 14:6\'94,\
\
\'93Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you.  Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.  John 14:27\'94,\
\
\'93I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringers forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.  John 15:5\'94,\
\
\'93Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.  John 20:27\'94,\
\
\
// Joshua\
\'93Have not I commanded thee?  Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed:  for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.  Joshua 1:9\'94,\
\
\
// Matthew\
\'93Bu I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you.  Matthew 5:44\'94,\
\
\'93But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal.  Matthew 6:20\'94,\
\
\'93But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.  Matthew 6:33\'94,\
\
\'93Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.  Matthew 7:7\'94,\
\
\'93The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?  Matthew 19:20\'94,\
\
\'93And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.  Matthew 21:22\'94,\
\
\
// Philippians\
\'93Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ.  Philippians 1:6\'94,\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93I can do all things through Christ which strengthen me.  Philippians 4:13\'94,\
\
\'93But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:19\'94,\
\
\'93Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.  And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:6-7\'94,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
// Acts\
\'93But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and is Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.  Acts 1:8\'94,\
\
\'93Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.  Acts 4:12\'94,\
\
\
// Proverbs\
\'93Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.  Proverbs 3:5\'94,\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.  Proverbs 3:6\'94,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'93The name of the Lord is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.  Proverbs 18:10\'94,\
\
\'93Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.  Proverbs 22:6\'94,\
\
\
// Psalm\
\'93Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in they sight, O Lord, my strength, and my redeemer.  Psalm 19:14\'94,\
\
\'93Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the Lord.  Psalm 27:14\'94,\
\
\'93Nun.  Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.  Psalm 119:105\'94,\
\
\'93The Lord is my shepard, I shall not want.  Psalm 23:1\'94,\
\
\'93He taketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leaders me beside the still waters.  Psalm 23:2\'94,\
\
\'93He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name\'92s sake.  Psalm 23:3\'94,\
\
\'93Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.  Psalm 23:4\'94,\
\
\'93Thou prepares a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anoints my head with oil; my cup runneth over.  Psalm 23:5\'94,\
\
\'93Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.  Psalm 23: 6\'94,\
\
// Romans\
\'93As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one.  Romans 3:10\'94,\
\
\'93For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God.  Romans 3:23\'94,\
\
\'93But God commendeth his love towards us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.  Romans 5:8\'94,\
\
\'93For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.  Romans 6:23\'94,\
\
\'93And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.  Romans 8:28\'94,\
\
\'93So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.  Romans 10:17\'94,\
\
\'93And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.  Romans 12:2\'94,\
\
\'93I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.  Romans 12:1\'94,\
\
\'93Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof.  Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the sea, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God.  Romans 6:12-13\'94,\
\
// Colossians\
\'93And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men.  Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.  Colossians 3:23-24\'94,\
\
\
\
]}